source/pages/resume.md, before:

---
title: Resume
description:
date: 2019-10-25 09:00:00 +0300

permalink: /
layout: note
---

#### TLDR; link to my [GitHub page](https://github.com/idangoldman){:target="_blank"} and [LinkedIn profile](https://linkedin.com/in/idangoldman/){:target="_blank"}.

## Table of Content
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Skill Sets](#skill-sets)
  - [Frontend](#frontend)
  - [Frameworks and Backend](#frameworks-and-backend)
  - [CMSs' and SSGs'](#cmss-and-ssgs)
- [Products and Open Source](#products-and-open-source)
  - [StaticPage](#staticpage-website)
  - [ToDoin](#todoin-web-store)
  - [Kit](#kit-github)
  - [Feature](#feature-github)
  - [Rebo](#rebo-github)
- [Client Work](#client-work)
  - [Achievements](#achievements)
  - [Services](#services)

## Introduction
Hello, my name is Idan and I have been part of the tech industry for over 10 years, mostly focused on Frontend technologies and languages. Besides hands-on coding, I have experience managing small to medium R&D teams with Backend, Frontend, and QA team members. Also, managing remote freelance developers on various client projects. My latest cutting edge and bleeding tech experiences are actually teaching and passing on knowledge to the younger generation of developers.

## Skill Sets

### Frontend
`HTML`, `CSS`, `JS`, runs in my veins and I'm up-to-date with the current versions of these languages. Over the years I have worked with `Angular`, `React`, `Bootstrap`, `Backbone`, `jQuery`, and any template engine you can think of probably I have used it. My favorite is `Nunjucks` which is a port of `Jinja`. Nowadays, I'm building my own `JavaScript framework`, `SASS Ui Kit` (yeah, I'm one of those people), and other development and deployment tools, you can check them out down below in the [Products and Open Source](#products-and-open-source) section.

### Frameworks and Backend
`Ruby on Rails`, `Flask`, `Express`, `Laravel` are the backend frameworks I have used over the years and I have a basic understanding of `PHP`, `Ruby`, `Python`, `SQL` languages. My knowledge of `Node.js` is better, after all, I'm a Frontend developer. Sometimes, I will act as a `Full-stacker`... that doesn't read well, I prefer to be called a `Web Developer`. I'm also great at connecting APIs with different data structures, Backend to Frontend, Frontend to 3rd-party services, earth to space, moon to mars, vice versa...

### CMSs' and SSGs'
Swear to god I'm not cursing! CMSs are your typical content management systems like `WordPress`, `Ghost`, `Drupal` and SSG are [Static Site Generators](https://www.staticgen.com/about){:target="blank"} architectural concept that making a comeback!

On the CMS side, I'm most experienced with `WordPress` and a bit with `Shopify` and `Ghost`. I have built various websites using `WordPress`, starting from the design and development stage all the way to production light at the end of the tunnel.

On the SSG side, I'm most experienced with `Jekyll` and know a bit about `Middleman` and `Gatsby`. This very website is built with `Jekyll`, [check the code](https://github.com/idangoldman/idan.goldman.work){:target="_blank}.

Also, I have created multiple themes and plugins for the above platforms, even got a chance to build a `WordPress VIP plugin`.

*__One more thing__*, I have a feel for `UX/UI` design. This always helped me communicate better with design and product professionals to make great end products. `Responsive design` with `parallax scrolling` are my jam. I can create a solid design on top of given `Mockups` or `Wireframes` using a preferable `Design System` (`Material Design`, `Bootstrap`, etc).

## Products and Open Source

### StaticPage ([Website](https://staticpage.io){:target="_blank"}):
Quick and simple Coming Soon pages builder with the ability to download the source code. The app is 100% me, from the design to the backend, for the website I have used the help of friends as described in the credit section of the website.

It is powered by `Flask`, `PostgreSQL`, [~~`Flight.js`~~](https://flightjs.github.io/){:target="_blank"} (dead Twitter event-base framework), `SASS`, and hosted at `Heroku` with file hosting on `AWS S3`.

### ToDoin ([Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/todoin/gobimjknanlaehcjalekeoolepmmjhpk){:target="_blank"}):
All developers have their shot at making a to-do list app, this is my variation as a chrome extension. The most differentiating feature of this to-do extension is the Private to-dos. Why you need private to-dos you ask? For me, working in an office environment created the need to keep some to-dos private.

I have built this product with `Backbone` & `SASS` and then converted it to `React` app but the `React` version hasn't seen the light of day. I have created all the graphic materials except the logo, this credit goes to my friend.

### Kit ([GitHub](https://github.com/idangoldman/kit){:target="_blank"}):
With the help of a friend we are creating an awesome `Ui Kit`! The Kit is based on `SASS` (actually `SCSS`, but potato tomato, right?), and besides doing the same stuff that other `Ui Kits` it taking advantage of `SASS` features `use`, `importer` and `functions`. Also used by this very own website.

The use of these features gives the Kit abilities like importing `Google Fonts` for offline use, creation of `SVG sprites`, or converting images to `base64`. All that can be achieved with just a "`CSS framework`" and the help of a `SASS` compiler.

The part I'm really proud of is writing `tests` and `documentation` for this `Ui Kit`. Yes, you can document and test CSS with the help of `SASS True` and `SassDoc`.

### Feature ([GitHub](https://github.com/idangoldman/feature){:target="_blank"}):
The big picture vision is a tool belt for the agency web developer / portfolio website freelance / side project backend developer. Still in the making, inspired by `jQuery` and `Rails`. Take a look at the git repo for more information.

### Rebo ([GitHub](https://github.com/idangoldman/rebo){:target="_blank"}):
Never liked `NPM` and wasn't a big fan of writing `yarn` as the main command in the terminal. Parallelly, I have begun using `jekyll` and this one is a pain in the butt as far as written commands in the terminal go. So, first I have written a `Rakefile` for each of my `git` repos wrapping the `yarn` and `jekyll` commands with a `rake` one. What a relief that one was.    Several `Rakefile` files in I fell in love with the architecture of Rake. The simplest task runner I have ever used!

"From here to there" as we say in Hebrew I found myself with a bunch of `rake` tasks wrapped inside a `gem` named `rebo`. Why Rebo? It's easy to type 4 letter word that still available on `RubyGems`.

## Client Work

### Achievements

- 2 UI Kits (or design systems).
- Certified WordPress VIP Plugin.
- Various WordPress websites, 2 of them with Multisite support and coherent design done by Parent->Children themes adjustments.
- 100+ successful design to code conversions, even before the time of responsive design with the need to support IE6.
- Helped build frontend web apps of any shape on any size team.

### Services

- Creating UI Kits from design for development teams.
- Custom made WordPress Themes or Plugins without the use of page builders.
- Custom made web browser extensions.
- Design to code conversions, from any design tool to any template engine, platform theme, or just plain old HTML, CSS, JS code. Email templates as well.
- Create an interactive HTML prototype of a design.
- Build small and simple web apps with basic CMS or CRM functionalities without any complex logic or algorithms.

Commit message:

- update resume page - added services page

source/pages/resume.md, after:

---
title: Resume
description:
date: 2019-10-25 09:00:00 +0300

permalink: /
layout: note
---

#### TLDR; link to my [GitHub page](https://github.com/idangoldman){:target="_blank"} and [LinkedIn profile](https://linkedin.com/in/idangoldman/){:target="_blank"}.

## Table of Content
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Skill Sets](#skill-sets)
  - [Frontend](#frontend)
  - [Frameworks and Backend](#frameworks-and-backend)
  - [CMSs' and SSGs'](#cmss-and-ssgs)
- [Products and Open Source](#products-and-open-source)
  - [StaticPage](#staticpage-website)
  - [ToDoin](#todoin-web-store)
  - [Kit](#kit-github)
  - [Feature](#feature-github)
  - [Rebo](#rebo-github)
- [Client Work](#client-work)
  - [Achievements](#achievements)

## Introduction
Hello, my name is Idan and I have been part of the tech industry for over 10 years, mostly focused on Frontend technologies and languages. Besides hands-on coding, I have experience managing small to medium R&D teams with Backend, Frontend, and QA team members. Also, managing remote freelance developers on various client projects. My latest cutting edge and bleeding tech experiences are actually teaching and passing on knowledge to the younger generation of developers.

## Skill Sets

### Frontend
`HTML`, `CSS`, `JS`, runs in my veins and I'm up-to-date with the current versions of these languages. Over the years I have worked with `Angular`, `React`, `Bootstrap`, `Backbone`, `jQuery`, and any template engine you can think of probably I have used it. My favorite is `Nunjucks` which is a port of `Jinja`. Nowadays, I'm building my own `JavaScript framework`, `SASS Ui Kit` (yeah, I'm one of those people), and other development and deployment tools, you can check them out down below in the [Products and Open Source](#products-and-open-source) section.

### Frameworks and Backend
`Ruby on Rails`, `Flask`, `Express`, `Laravel` are the backend frameworks I have used over the years and I have a basic understanding of `PHP`, `Ruby`, `Python`, `SQL` languages. My knowledge of `Node.js` is better, after all, I'm a Frontend developer. Sometimes, I will act as a `Full-stacker`... that doesn't read well, I prefer to be called a `Web Developer`. I'm also great at connecting APIs with different data structures, Backend to Frontend, Frontend to 3rd-party services, earth to space, moon to mars, vice versa...

### CMSs' and SSGs'
Swear to god I'm not cursing! CMSs are your typical content management systems like `WordPress`, `Ghost`, `Drupal` and SSG are [Static Site Generators](https://www.staticgen.com/about){:target="blank"} architectural concept that making a comeback!

On the CMS side, I'm most experienced with `WordPress` and a bit with `Shopify` and `Ghost`. I have built various websites using `WordPress`, starting from the design and development stage all the way to production light at the end of the tunnel.

On the SSG side, I'm most experienced with `Jekyll` and know a bit about `Middleman` and `Gatsby`. This very website is built with `Jekyll`, [check the code](https://github.com/idangoldman/idan.goldman.work){:target="_blank}.

Also, I have created multiple themes and plugins for the above platforms, even got a chance to build a `WordPress VIP plugin`.

*__One more thing__*, I have a feel for `UX/UI` design. This always helped me communicate better with design and product professionals to make great end products. `Responsive design` with `parallax scrolling` are my jam. I can create a solid design on top of given `Mockups` or `Wireframes` using a preferable `Design System` (`Material Design`, `Bootstrap`, etc).

## Products and Open Source

### StaticPage ([Website](https://staticpage.io){:target="_blank"}):
Quick and simple Coming Soon pages builder with the ability to download the source code. The app is 100% me, from the design to the backend, for the website I have used the help of friends as described in the credit section of the website.

It is powered by `Flask`, `PostgreSQL`, [~~`Flight.js`~~](https://flightjs.github.io/){:target="_blank"} (dead Twitter event-base framework), `SASS`, and hosted at `Heroku` with file hosting on `AWS S3`.

### ToDoin ([Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/todoin/gobimjknanlaehcjalekeoolepmmjhpk){:target="_blank"}):
All developers have their shot at making a to-do list app, this is my variation as a chrome extension. The most differentiating feature of this to-do extension is the Private to-dos. Why you need private to-dos you ask? For me, working in an office environment created the need to keep some to-dos private.

I have built this product with `Backbone` & `SASS` and then converted it to `React` app but the `React` version hasn't seen the light of day. I have created all the graphic materials except the logo, this credit goes to my friend.

### Kit ([GitHub](https://github.com/idangoldman/kit){:target="_blank"}):
With the help of a friend we are creating an awesome `Ui Kit`! The Kit is based on `SASS` (actually `SCSS`, but potato tomato, right?), and besides doing the same stuff that other `Ui Kits` it taking advantage of `SASS` features `use`, `importer` and `functions`. Also used by this very own website.

The use of these features gives the Kit abilities like importing `Google Fonts` for offline use, creation of `SVG sprites`, or converting images to `base64`. All that can be achieved with just a "`CSS framework`" and the help of a `SASS` compiler.

The part I'm really proud of is writing `tests` and `documentation` for this `Ui Kit`. Yes, you can document and test CSS with the help of `SASS True` and `SassDoc`.

### Feature ([GitHub](https://github.com/idangoldman/feature){:target="_blank"}):
The big picture vision is a tool belt for the agency web developer / portfolio website freelance / side project backend developer. Still in the making, inspired by `jQuery` and `Rails`. Take a look at the git repo for more information.

### Rebo ([GitHub](https://github.com/idangoldman/rebo){:target="_blank"}):
Never liked `NPM` and wasn't a big fan of writing `yarn` as the main command in the terminal. Parallelly, I have begun using `jekyll` and this one is a pain in the butt as far as written commands in the terminal go. So, first I have written a `Rakefile` for each of my `git` repos wrapping the `yarn` and `jekyll` commands with a `rake` one. What a relief that one was. Several `Rakefile` files in I fell in love with the architecture of Rake. The simplest task runner I have ever used!

"From here to there" as we say in Hebrew I found myself with a bunch of `rake` tasks wrapped inside a `gem` named `rebo`. Why Rebo? It's easy to type 4 letter word that was available on `RubyGems`.

## Client Work

In my career, I have worked in small and large companies doing bunch of roles. From a junior developer, through webmaster, freelancer, frontend developer, web developer, senior frontend developer, and up to team leader.

While doing those roles doesn't if I were a freelancer or a full-timer I have treated everyone outside the team I was part of as a client. Meaning, I was trying to understand my client's needs and serve them with the best version of a solution to their needs.

### Achievements

- 2 UI Kits (or design systems).
- Certified WordPress VIP Plugin.
- Various WordPress websites, 2 of them with Multisite support and coherent design done by Parent->Children themes adjustments.
- 100+ successful design to code conversions, even before the time of responsive design with the need to support IE6.
- Helped build frontend web apps of any shape on any size team.
