source/resume.md, before:

---
title: Resume of Idan Goldman.
description:
date: 2019-09-24 09:00:00 +0300

permalink: /
layout: default
---

# Resume

#### Hello to you,

My name is Idan as you can see from the title of this page. I have been part of the tech industry for over 10 years, mostly focused on Frontend technologies and languages.

HTML, CSS, JS, runs in my blood and I'm up-to-date with the current versions of these languages. Over the years I have worked with Angular, React, Bootstrap, Backbone, jQuery and building my own JavaScript framework and SASS UI Kit (yeah, I'm one of those people), you can check them out on my Github page.

Ruby on Rails, Flask, Express, Laravel are the Backend frameworks I have used over the years and sometimes act as a Full-stacker. That doesn't read well, I'm old enough to prefer to be called a Web Developer. I'm also great at connecting APIs with different data structures, Backend to Frontend, Frontend to 3rd-party services.

On the CMS side, I'm most experienced with Jekyll, WordPress, Shopify. I have built various websites using these platforms, started from the development environment all the way to the production environment. Also, created multiple themes and plugins for these platforms, even got a chance to build a WordPress VIP plugin.

One more thing, I have a feel for UX/UI design. This always helped me communicate better with design and product professionals to make great end products. Adaptive or Responsive design with Parallax scrolling are my jam. I can create a solid design on top of given Mockups or Wireframes using preferable Design System (Material design, Bootstrap, etc).


## Here are projects I can take credit for:

### StaticPage:
Quick and simple Coming Soon pages builder with the ability to download the source code of the page. The app is 100% me, from the design to the backend. The second version is still in the making, talking with people and drawing mockups. To sum it up this evolved version in one sentence "All in one-page builder for various content platforms".

### toDoin:
All developers have their shot at making a to-do list app, this is my variation as a chrome extension.

### Feature:
My JavaScript framework, still in the making, inspired by jQuery and Rails. You can check it out on my GitHub page.

### Kit:
With the help of a friend we have created an awesome UI Kit which is also still in the making. You can check it out on my GitHub page.


## Here are work bulletins I can't take credit* for:

- 2 UI Kits (or design systems).
- Certified WordPress VIP Plugin.
- Various WordPress websites, 2 of them with Multisite support and coherent design done by Parent theme with Child themes adjustments.
- 100+ successful design to code conversions, even before the time of responsive design with the need to support IE6.
- Helped build frontend web apps of all shape on teams of all sizes.
- More boring stuff on my LinkedIn.

*credit - goes to my employer or freelance client.

## Here are work bulletins I can help you with:

- Creating UI Kits from design for development teams.
- Custom made WordPress Themes or Plugins without the use of page builders.
- Custom made web browser extensions.
- Design to code conversions, from any design tool to any template engine, platform theme, or just plain old HTML, CSS, JS code. Email templates as well.
- Create an interactive HTML prototype of a design.
- Build small and simple web apps with basic CMS or CRM functionalities without any complex logic or algorithms.

Thanks for reading, have a nice day. :)


## Services:
- Ui Kit as a Service.
- HTML Prototype.
- Small Web Apps.
- Themes and templates for various platforms.
- Company website.
- Chrome extension.
- WordPress Plugins VIP certified.
- Code audits, code reviews as a 3rd party to a project.

===================================

# StaticPage v2

Quick and simple Coming Soon pages builder with the ability to download the source code of the page. The app is 100% me, from the design to the backend, for the website I have used the help of friends as described in the credit section of the website.

StaticPage app was built with Flask, Flight.js, Jinja & SASS UI kit built specifically for the project, hosted on Heroku. The website was built with Jekyll and hosted on GitLab.

===================================

# ToDoin v3.2.2

Simple to-do chrome extension I have built for my use a while ago. The most differentiating feature of this to-do extension is the Private to-dos. Why you need private to-dos you ask? For me, working in an office environment created the need to keep some to-dos private.

I have built this project with Backbone.js & Sass and then converted it to React.js but the React version haven't seen the light of day. I have created all the graphic materials except for the logo, this is the creation of my friend.

Commit message:

polishing
- kit updated
- change resume link to /
-  remove pad yml
- made current intidator for menu links
- removed share box from pad
- added a thank you for reading text at the end of the content
- made some changes to the resume text and pad style

source/resume.md, after:

---
title: Resume of Idan Goldman.
description:
date: 2019-09-24 09:00:00 +0300

permalink: /
layout: default
---

# Resume

#### TLDR; link to my [LinkedIn profile](https://linkedin.com/in/idangoldman/){:target="_blank"}.

My name is Idan as you can see from the title of this page. I have been part of the tech industry for over 10 years, mostly focused on Frontend technologies and languages.

HTML, CSS, JS, runs in my blood and I'm up-to-date with the current versions of these languages. Over the years I have worked with Angular, React, Bootstrap, Backbone, jQuery and building my own JavaScript framework and SASS UI Kit (yeah, I'm one of those people), you can check them out on my Github page.

Ruby on Rails, Flask, Express, Laravel are the Backend frameworks I have used over the years and sometimes act as a Full-stacker. That doesn't read well, I'm old enough to prefer to be called a Web Developer. I'm also great at connecting APIs with different data structures, Backend to Frontend, Frontend to 3rd-party services.

On the CMS side, I'm most experienced with Jekyll, WordPress, Shopify. I have built various websites using these platforms, started from the development environment all the way to the production environment. Also, created multiple themes and plugins for these platforms, even got a chance to build a WordPress VIP plugin.

One more thing, I have a feel for UX/UI design. This always helped me communicate better with design and product professionals to make great end products. Adaptive or Responsive design with Parallax scrolling are my jam. I can create a solid design on top of given Mockups or Wireframes using preferable Design System (Material design, Bootstrap, etc).


## Here are projects I can take credit for:

### StaticPage:
Quick and simple Coming Soon pages builder with the ability to download the source code of the page. The app is 100% me, from the design to the backend. The second version is still in the making, talking with people and drawing mockups. To sum it up this evolved version in one sentence "All in one-page builder for various content platforms".

### toDoin:
All developers have their shot at making a to-do list app, this is my variation as a chrome extension.

### Feature:
My JavaScript framework, still in the making, inspired by jQuery and Rails. You can check it out on my GitHub page.

### Kit:
With the help of a friend we have created an awesome UI Kit which is also still in the making. You can check it out on my GitHub page.


## Here are work bulletins I can't take credit* for:

- 2 UI Kits (or design systems).
- Certified WordPress VIP Plugin.
- Various WordPress websites, 2 of them with Multisite support and coherent design done by Parent theme with Child themes adjustments.
- 100+ successful design to code conversions, even before the time of responsive design with the need to support IE6.
- Helped build frontend web apps of all shape on teams of all sizes.
- More boring stuff on my LinkedIn.

*credit - goes to my employer or freelance client.

## Here are work bulletins I can help you with:

- Creating UI Kits from design for development teams.
- Custom made WordPress Themes or Plugins without the use of page builders.
- Custom made web browser extensions.
- Design to code conversions, from any design tool to any template engine, platform theme, or just plain old HTML, CSS, JS code. Email templates as well.
- Create an interactive HTML prototype of a design.
- Build small and simple web apps with basic CMS or CRM functionalities without any complex logic or algorithms.
